Update Fabric website to "Fluent" (#12366)
microsoft/fluentui: apps/fabric-website-resources/README.md

# @uifabric/fabric-website-resources

**Local demo app for @fluentui/react controls**

> This package contains the demo app that runs when you do `yarn start` from the root of the Fluent UI repo or from the `@fluentui/react` package.

Reviewer: Revert this one for now since technically start is still running from OUFR.
```suggestion
This package contains the demo app that runs when you do `yarn start` from the root of the Fluent UI repo or from the `office-ui-fabric-react` package.
```
